[Music]
welcome to another episode of seven men
in marketing with Pam my name is Pam
dinner I love sharing a little dose of
b2b digital content marketing and the
sales enablement in seven minutes at a
time some listeners know that my second
book effective sales enablement will be
available in October while working with
a publisher on editing the manuscript
back in May I also started thinking
about how I need to revise my value
proposition the value proposition in
this case is how do I differentiate
myself from other marketing consultants
until now I focus on content marketing
or my value proposition or uniqueness
being that I know how to help
enterprises nice and be set up a process
to scale content across regions not many
people can do that so that is unique to
me now with the sales enablement coming
into play what is my new value
proposition how do I redefine what I can
offer to combine my knowledge of a
global content marketing and sales
enablement so I started to identifying
several unique strengths and experiences
that only I can offer so I gave some
thoughts well I have twenty plus years
of a corporate experience in various
positions from finance to accounting
from operations to product development
from marketing to sales enablement
obviously I have a wire rate of
experience and I understand how a big
enterprise works the next things I
thought about it was I have a unique
process to teach people how to scale
content across regions and that is the
four PS of the global content marketing
in addition I understand indirect and
direct sales people I have a unique
point of view on what marketers can do
to better support their indirect and the
direct sales teams by evaluating the
different marketing elements
collaborating outcome based marketing
and more lastly I have steps that people
can follow to map content between the
sales processes and a cust
my journeys so all these points are
unique to me then the next step is to
distill that all the uniqueness into one
overarching statement that I can say
when I communicate face-to-face or on my
website so I came up with five
statements and tested each one of them
with different colleagues and the
clients I'm going to read them out loud
and slowly so you can think about them
as well number one a line sales a
marketing to deliver a seamless customer
experience
number two grow business by aligning
sales and marketing with the global
content marketing number three increased
conversions through content marketing
and sales enablement number four enable
sales with integrated global content
marketing number five connect sales and
marketing to engage and convert
audiences worldwide so here is my quick
analysis of these five value
propositions number one align sales and
marketing to deliver a seamless customer
experience guess what
this statement is way too generic it can
apply to any sites if you think about it
so I cross this one out right away
number two increase conversions through
content marketing and sales enablement
okay this statement is way too specific
from my perspective it focuses only on
conversions but so the marketing
alignment can do so much more than that
otherwise I really like the mention of a
content marketing and sales enablement
in this specific sentence number three
grow business by aligning sales and
marketing with the global content
marketing actually I thought this one is
not bad it mentions global content
marketing sales and marketing alignment
but it puts a focus on using content
marketing to align sales and the
marketing my offering is much broader
than that so I thought hmm this one is
not working either
next one enable sales with integrated
global content marketing this statement
sounds that
Global Content Marketing is the only way
to enable sales again way too specific
the last daemon is to connect sales and
marketing teams to engage and comfort
audiences worldwide ok
very few consultants can boast the
statement that they can work with the
sales and marketing teams to engage
audiences internationally so this is
certainly unique I end up playing with
the last one a little bit more I try
different combination of words and I
decided to go with connecting sales and
marketing to engage global audiences of
course I need to test the statement
online and get more feedback but at
least I have an overarching messaging to
guide copywriting for my website so hear
me out with the new book my audiences
will be expanded to the sell side
therefore I want to make an effort to
include the sales team as a part of the
value proposition however I'm a marketer
through and through my intention is to
educate marketing teams on how to better
work with the sales teams there for
connecting sales and marketing teams
makes a lot of sense in addition I want
to play to my expertise of scaling
content across regions therefore I want
to bring global into the overall value
proposition so here is the final
statement for now connecting sales and
marketing to engage global audiences and
you can see that on my new website I
also came up with other copies such as
helping sales and marketing connect the
dots align communication and resources
to get things done and hey when
marketing is done right sales and
marketing can coexist beautifully I see
these copy fit nicely under the
overarching value proposition statement
so with this start I begin to build our
statements to explain my services and
offerings such as Pam can help you find
commonalities in misalignment drive
joint initiatives through account based
marketing craft a messaging framework
and the map content between the sales
processes-- and the customer journeys so
I started with one value proposition
then built positioning and approve
points to support it and here is a quick
summary my value proposition is
connecting sales and marketing to engage
global audiences my positioning czar
find commonalities in misalignment
proven structure methodology to align
sales and marketing bring clarity and
proposed recommendation to complex
digital marketing and sales efforts and
here are my proof points one in 20 years
of a corporate experience deep
understanding of multinational companies
strong technical and marketing knowledge
and be able to articulate marketing from
the perspective of finance management
operation business units and other
functions so in a way I created a very
informal if you will
messaging framework from the value
proposition positioning and approved
points and you can follow the similar
thinking process to build your messaging
framework
I have templates that you can follow if
you want to try so send me an email via
my website pamda Norcom I am more than
happy to share the templates with you
again send me your marketing questions
or thoughts
we are twitter at Pam dinner be well
until next time
you
[Music]